WORK_LOG.md, before:

Name: YOUR NAME HERE

| Date        |       Time       |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Update |
|:------------|:----------------:|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| September 3 |   2:15 - 3 pm    |                                                                               I visualize the problem as a BFS algorithm where you want to explore every option until you reach the end and return the number of moves. While I initially thought a grid would be the best way to code this, I think a simple array of square objects could be better, and then determine whether each square has a ladder. |
| September 4 | 10:10 - 10:45 pm |  I now understand that this project is going to involve BFS because you want to find the most efficient path, and a queue is better since it searches each level. I am not sure yet how I will actually set up and run the queue, but I do know a couple of the variables I want to track. I kept the Square class just to show where I was initially thinking, but it is no longer useful for my thinking. |
| September 9 | 11:35 - 11:55 am |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |


To add a new row to the table, click into a cell and then hit shift-enter.

Commit message:

Resolved github issues and initialized snake and ladder arrays

WORK_LOG.md, after:

Name: YOUR NAME HERE

| Date        |       Time       |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Update |
|:------------|:----------------:|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| September 3 |   2:15 - 3 pm    |                                                                              I visualize the problem as a BFS algorithm where you want to explore every option until you reach the end and return the number of moves. While I initially thought a grid would be the best way to code this, I think a simple array of square objects could be better, and then determine whether each square has a ladder. |
| September 4 | 10:10 - 10:45 pm | I now understand that this project is going to involve BFS because you want to find the most efficient path, and a queue is better since it searches each level. I am not sure yet how I will actually set up and run the queue, but I do know a couple of the variables I want to track. I kept the Square class just to show where I was initially thinking, but it is no longer useful for my thinking. |
| September 9 | 11:35 - 11:55 am |                                                                                                                        I mainly focused on resolving my github issues which I learned came from a buffer size error. From there, I started by copying over the pseudocode from class and began initializing the arrays for the snakes and ladder. My goal for next work session is to implement the queue. |


To add a new row to the table, click into a cell and then hit shift-enter.
